---
date: 2022-04-20 23:48:05
layout: post
title: P.U.P.P.I.T
subtitle: '3D, first person shooting game implemented with Unreal Engine 4.'
description: >-
  3D, first person shooting game implemented with Unreal Engine 4.
image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dsu6ldumc/image/upload/c_scale,w_760/c_crop,h_399,w_760/v1681366662/Project/PUPPIT/P.U.P.P.I.T_2023-04-12_23-13-35.mp4_000002713_nmbeqs.png
optimized_image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dsu6ldumc/image/upload/c_scale,w_760/c_crop,h_399,w_760/v1681366662/Project/PUPPIT/P.U.P.P.I.T_2023-04-12_23-13-35.mp4_000002713_nmbeqs.png
category: team_project
tags:
  - Unreal_Engine
  - UE4
  - C++
  - 3d
  - game 
  - academic
  - designer
author: mranderson
paginate: true
---

{% include youtube.html id="LkjQEmeGXXM" %}


### Description
**P.U.P.P.I.T** is a 3D first person shooting, platforming game implemented with Unreal Engine 4, which the player, who is a 'puppit' fight through the nightmare source to protect the child who's sleeping.

### Summary
* **Role** :  Combat Designer
* **Engine** : Unreal Engine 4
* **Language** : C++ / UE4 Blueprints
* **Team Size** : 6 programmers, 4 designers
* **Development Period** : September 2021 - April 2022


### About the Game
The game is about a little toy, to protect their best friend from _nightmare energies_, which causes them dream nightmares. As the player is just a small toy, the usual objects we see everyday looks absolutely huge. The game is setted at a single world, but has three stages with their own objectives.
First stage is to protect the clock which is bothered by rubber duck toys, second is to ride a train and safely reach to the end avoiding the plane attacks, and last is to defeat the greatest _nightmare_, which is a huge toy that looks like a cat. The whole level itself have 3D platforming, therefore not only caring about attacking the nightmares, you should also watch your footstep. 

### Work I've Done
At this project I participated as a combat designer, designing enemy behaviors and their status. Therefore at this project, I worked closely with 3 designers and 2 programmers (player, AI).
* Designed enemy behavior trees and states, providing a specific diagram for visual reference.
* Built and balanced player weapon system to create an engaging combat experience.
* Contributed the basic world-building and narrative of the game.
* Gathered and documented datas through game tests and iterating through levels.
